# 4.Execution_of_NetworkCommands
## AIM :Use of Network commands in Real Time environment
## Software : Command Prompt And Network Protocol Analyzer
## Procedure: To do this EXPERIMENT- follows these steps:
<BR>
In this EXPERIMENT- students have to understand basic networking commands e.g cpdump, netstat, ifconfig, nslookup ,traceroute and also Capture ping and traceroute PDUs using a network protocol analyzer 
<BR>
All commands related to Network configuration which includes how to switch to privilege mode
<BR>
and normal mode and how to configure router interface and how to save this configuration to
<BR>
flash memory or permanent memory.
<BR>
This commands includes
<BR>
• Configuring the Router commands
<BR>
• General Commands to configure network
<BR>
• Privileged Mode commands of a router 
<BR>
• Router Processes & Statistics
<BR>
• IP Commands
<BR>
• Other IP Commands e.g. show ip route etc.
<BR>
##Algorith
1. Start the program.

2. Import the required Python libraries such as socket and os.

3. Create a TCP socket using the socket library.

4. Bind the socket with IP address (127.0.0.1) and a port number (8000).

5. Put the server in listening mode to wait for client connection.

6. Accept the connection request from the client.

7. Receive the network command from the client.

8. Check whether the command is valid.

9. Execute the received command using the operating system command interface.

10. Capture the output generated by the command.

11. Send the output back to the client through the socket connection.

12. Display the result on the client side.

13.  the process until the client terminates the connection.

14. Close the client socket and server socket.

15. Stop the program.


## Output

## Result
Thus Execution of Network commands Performed 
